Clarify specifying the stroke attribute for symbolsStroke (#3814)
d3/d3: docs/d3-shape/symbol.md

}' />

[Source](https://github.com/d3/d3-shape/blob/main/src/symbol.js) · An array containing a set of symbol types designed for stroking: [circle](#symbolCircle), [plus](#symbolPlus), [times](#symbolTimes), [triangle2](#symbolTriangle2), [asterisk](#symbolAsterisk), [square2](#symbolSquare2), and [diamond2](#symbolDiamond2). Useful for a categorical shape encoding with an [ordinal scale](../d3-scale/ordinal.md).

> ** Be aware that by default SVG paths stroke attribute is set to none. By not specifying the stroke the symbols will be invisible. **

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Please note that by default, the `stroke` attribute of SVG paths is set to "none." If the stroke is not specified, the symbols will be invisible. **
```

Reviewer: Suggested a small rephrase for clarity.
